README.md, before:

# Washington DC Metro Train Sign
This project contains the source code to create your own Washington DC Metro sign. It was written using CircuitPython targeting the [Adafruit Matrix Portal](https://www.adafruit.com/product/4745) and is optimized for 64x32 RGB LED matrices.

![Board Showing Train Arriving](img/board.gif)

# How To
## Hardware
- An [Adafruit Matrix Portal](https://www.adafruit.com/product/4745) - $24.99
- A **64x32 RGB LED matrix** compatible with the _Matrix Portal_ - $39.99 _to_ $84.99
    - [64x32 RGB LED Matrix - 3mm pitch](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2279)
    - [64x32 RGB LED Matrix - 4mm pitch](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2278)
    - [64x32 RGB LED Matrix - 5mm pitch](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2277)
    - [64x32 RGB LED Matrix - 6mm pitch](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2276)
- A **USB-C power supply** (15w phone adapters should work fine for this code, but the panels can theoretically pull 20w if every pixel is on white)
- A **USB-C cable** that can connect your computer/power supply to the board

## Tools
- A small phillips head screwdriver
- Black Wire Ties - 4"
- A hot glue gun _(optional)_
- Tape _(optional)_

## Part 1: Prepare the Board
1. Use a hot glue gun to cover the sharp screws on the right-hand side of the 64x32 LED matrix. This step is optional, but it will prevent wire chafing later on. Depending on the board you purchased, sharp screws may not be an issue.

    ![64x32 Matrix with Hot Glue on Screws](img/base-board.jpg)

2. Lightly screw in the phillips head screws into the posts on the _Matrix Portal_. These only need to go down about 60% of the way.

    ![Matrix Portal with Screws](img/wiring.jpg)

3. Using the power cable provided with 64x32 matrix, slide the prong for the **red power cable** between the post and the screw on the port labeled **5v**. Tighten down this screw all the way using your screwdriver. Repeat the same for the **black power cable** and the **GND** port.

    ![Matrix Portal with Separate Cables](img/cables.jpg)
    ![Matrix Portal with Connected Cables](img/portal-setup.jpg)

4. Connect the _Matrix Portal_ to the large connector on the left-hand side of the back of the 64x32 matrix.

    ![64x32 Matrix with Connector Highlighted](img/port.jpg)

5. Plug one of the power connectors into the right-hand side of the 64x32 matrix.

    ![64x32 Matrix with Power Connected](img/connected-board.jpg)

6. Use the wire ties to prevent the cables from flopping around.

    ![64x32 Matrix with Cable Management](img/backside-of-matrix-board.jpg)

## Part 2: Loading the Software
1. Connect the board to your computer using a USB C cable. Double click the button on the board labeled _RESET_. The board should mount onto your computer as a storage volume, most likely named _MATRIXBOOT_.

    ![Matrix Connected via USB](img/usb-connected.jpg)

2. Flash your _Matrix Portal_ with the latest release of CircuitPython 7.
    - Download the [firmware from Adafruit](https://circuitpython.org/board/matrixportal_m4/).
    - Drag the downloaded _.uf2_ file into the root of the _MATRIXBOOT_ volume.
    - The board will automatically flash the version of CircuitPython and remount as _CIRCUITPY_.
    - If something goes wrong, refer to the [Adafruit Documentation](https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruit-matrixportal-m4/install-circuitpython).

3. Decompress the _lib.zip_ file from this repository into the root of the _CIRCUITPY_ volume. There should be one folder named _lib_, with a plethora of files underneath. You can delete _lib.zip_ from the _CIRCUITPY_ volume, as it's no longer needed.

    - It has been reported that this step may fail ([Issue #2](https://github.com/metro-sign/dc-metro/issues/2)), most likely due to the storage on the Matrix Portal not being able to handle the decompression. If this happens, unzip the _lib.zip_ file on your computer, and copy the _lib_ folder to the Matrix Portal. Command line tools could also be used if the above doesn't work.

    ![Lib Decompressed](img/lib.png)

4. Copy all of the Python files from _src_ in this repository into the root of the _CIRCUITPY_ volume.

    ![Source Files](img/source.png)

5. The board should now light up with a loading screen, but we've still got some work to do.

    ![Loading Sign](img/loading.jpg)

## Part 3: Getting a WMATA API Key
1. Create a WMATA developer account on [WMATA's Developer Website](https://developer.wmata.com/signup/).
2. After your account is created, add the _Default Tier_ subscription to your account on [this page](https://developer.wmata.com/products/5475f1b0031f590f380924fe).
3. After doing this, you will be redirected to [your profile](https://developer.wmata.com/developer).
4. Under the _Subscriptions_ section on your profile, select the **show** button beside the _Primary Key_. This is the key that allows the board to communicate with WMATA.

## Part 4: Configuring the Board
1. Open the [config.py](src/config.py) file located in the root of the _CIRCUITPY_ volume.
2. Fill in your WiFi SSID and password under the **Network Configuration** section.
3. Under the **Metro Configuration** section:
    1. Select your station and lines from the [Metro Station Codes table](#dc-metro-station-codes), and set the _metro_station_code_ value to the corresponding value in the table.
    2. For _train_group_, the value needs to be either **'1'** or **'2'** or  **'3'**. This determines which platform's arrival times will be displayed. These typically fall in line with the values provided in the [Train Group table](#train-group-explanations), although single tracking and other events can cause these to change.
    3. Set the _metro_api_key_ value to the API key you got from [Part 3](#part-3-getting-a-wmata-api-key).
4. At the end, the first part of your configuration file should look similar this:

```python
#########################
# Network Configuration #
#########################

# WIFI Network SSID
'wifi_ssid': 'Grindr Pickup Zone',

# WIFI Password
'wifi_password': 'MyMetroBoardBringsTheBoisToTheNavyYard',

#########################
# Metro Configuration   #
#########################

# Metro Station Code
'metro_station_code': 'D02',

# Metro Train Group
'train_group': '2',

# API Key for WMATA
'metro_api_key': 'd3adb33fd3adb33fd3adb33f',
```

5. After you save this file, your board should refresh and connect to WMATA.

## Troubleshooting
If something goes wrong, take a peek at the [Adafruit Documentation](https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruit-matrixportal-m4). Additionally, you can connect to the board using a serial connection to gain access to its logging.

# Appendix
## DC Metro Station Codes
| Name                                             | Lines      | Code |
|--------------------------------------------------|------------|------|
| Addison Road-Seat Pleasant                       | BL, SV     | G03  |
| Anacostia                                        | GR         | F06  |
| Archives-Navy Memorial-Penn Quarter              | GR, YL     | F02  |
| Arlington Cemetery                               | BL         | C06  |
| Ballston-MU                                      | OR, SV     | K04  |
| Benning Road                                     | BL, SV     | G01  |
| Bethesda                                         | RD         | A09  |
| Braddock Road                                    | BL, YL     | C12  |
| Branch Ave                                       | GR         | F11  |
| Brookland-CUA                                    | RD         | B05  |
| Capitol Heights                                  | BL, SV     | G02  |
| Capitol South                                    | BL, OR, SV | D05  |
| Cheverly                                         | OR         | D11  |
| Clarendon                                        | OR, SV     | K02  |
| Cleveland Park                                   | RD         | A05  |
| College Park-U of Md                             | GR         | E09  |
| Columbia Heights                                 | GR, YL     | E04  |
| Congress Heights                                 | GR         | F07  |
| Court House                                      | OR, SV     | K01  |
| Crystal City                                     | BL, YL     | C09  |
| Deanwood                                         | OR         | D10  |
| Dunn Loring-Merrifield                           | OR         | K07  |
| Dupont Circle                                    | RD         | A03  |
| East Falls Church                                | OR, SV     | K05  |
| Eastern Market                                   | BL, OR, SV | D06  |
| Eisenhower Avenue                                | YL         | C14  |
| Farragut North                                   | RD         | A02  |
| Farragut West                                    | BL, OR, SV | C03  |
| Federal Center SW                                | BL, OR, SV | D04  |
| Federal Triangle                                 | BL, OR, SV | D01  |
| Foggy Bottom-GWU                                 | BL, OR, SV | C04  |
| Forest Glen                                      | RD         | B09  |
| Fort Totten                                      | RD         | B06  |
| Fort Totten                                      | GR, YL     | E06  |
| Franconia-Springfield                            | BL         | J03  |
| Friendship Heights                               | RD         | A08  |
| Gallery Pl-Chinatown                             | RD         | B01  |
| Gallery Pl-Chinatown                             | GR, YL     | F01  |
| Georgia Ave-Petworth                             | GR, YL     | E05  |
| Glenmont                                         | RD         | B11  |
| Greenbelt                                        | GR         | E10  |
| Greensboro                                       | SV         | N03  |
| Grosvenor-Strathmore                             | RD         | A11  |
| Huntington                                       | YL         | C15  |
| Judiciary Square                                 | RD         | B02  |
| King St-Old Town                                 | BL, YL     | C13  |
| L'Enfant Plaza                                   | BL, OR, SV | D03  |
| L'Enfant Plaza                                   | GR, YL     | F03  |
| Landover                                         | OR         | D12  |
| Largo Town Center                                | BL, SV     | G05  |
| McLean                                           | SV         | N01  |
| McPherson Square                                 | BL, OR, SV | C02  |
| Medical Center                                   | RD         | A10  |
| Metro Center                                     | RD         | A01  |
| Metro Center                                     | BL, OR, SV | C01  |
| Minnesota Ave                                    | OR         | D09  |
| Morgan Boulevard                                 | BL, SV     | G04  |
| Mt Vernon Sq 7th St-Convention Center            | GR, YL     | E01  |
| Navy Yard-Ballpark                               | GR         | F05  |
| Naylor Road                                      | GR         | F09  |
| New Carrollton                                   | OR         | D13  |
| NoMa-Gallaudet U                                 | RD         | B35  |
| Pentagon                                         | BL, YL     | C07  |
| Pentagon City                                    | BL, YL     | C08  |
| Potomac Ave                                      | BL, OR, SV | D07  |
| Prince George's Plaza                            | GR         | E08  |
| Rhode Island Ave-Brentwood                       | RD         | B04  |
| Rockville                                        | RD         | A14  |
| Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport        | BL, YL     | C10  |
| Rosslyn                                          | BL, OR, SV | C05  |
| Shady Grove                                      | RD         | A15  |
| Shaw-Howard U                                    | GR, YL     | E02  |
| Silver Spring                                    | RD         | B08  |
| Smithsonian                                      | BL, OR, SV | D02  |
| Southern Avenue                                  | GR         | F08  |
| Spring Hill                                      | SV         | N04  |
| Stadium-Armory                                   | BL, OR, SV | D08  |
| Suitland                                         | GR         | F10  |
| Takoma                                           | RD         | B07  |
| Tenleytown-AU                                    | RD         | A07  |
| Twinbrook                                        | RD         | A13  |
| Tysons Corner                                    | SV         | N02  |
| U Street/African-Amer Civil War Memorial/Cardozo | GR, YL     | E03  |
| Union Station                                    | RD         | B03  |
| Van Dorn Street                                  | BL         | J02  |
| Van Ness-UDC                                     | RD         | A06  |
| Vienna/Fairfax-GMU                               | OR         | K08  |
| Virginia Square-GMU                              | OR, SV     | K03  |
| Waterfront                                       | GR         | F04  |
| West Falls Church-VT/UVA                         | OR         | K06  |
| West Hyattsville                                 | GR         | E07  |
| Wheaton                                          | RD         | B10  |
| White Flint                                      | RD         | A12  |
| Wiehle-Reston East                               | SV         | N06  |
| Woodley Park-Zoo/Adams Morgan                    | RD         | A04  |

## DC Metro Silver Line Phase II Stations
A special thanks to [u/SandBoxJohn](https://www.reddit.com/user/SandBoxJohn) for these.
| Name                                             | Lines      | Code |
|--------------------------------------------------|------------|------|
| Reston Town Center                               | SV         | N07  |
| Herndon                                          | SV         | N08  |
| Innovation Center                                | SV         | N09  |
| Dulles Airport                                   | SV         | N10  |
| Loudoun Gateway                                  | SV         | N11  |
| Ashburn                                          | SV         | N12  |

## Train Group Explanations
A special thanks to [u/SandBoxJohn](https://www.reddit.com/user/SandBoxJohn) for these.
| Line       | Train Group | Destination                                            |
|------------|-------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| RD         | "1"         | Glenmont                                               |
| RD         | "2"         | Shady Grove                                            |
| BL, OR, SV | "1"         | New Carrollton, Largo Town Center                      |
| BL, OR, SV | "2"         | Vienna, Franconia-Springfield, Wiehle-Reston East      |
| GR, YL     | "1"         | Greenbelt                                              |
| GR, YL     | "2"         | Huntington, Branch Avenue                              |
| N/A        | "3"         | Center Platform at National Airport, West Falls Church |

Commit message:

Added debugging through putty to the README.

README.md, after:

# Washington DC Metro Train Sign
This project contains the source code to create your own Washington DC Metro sign. It was written using CircuitPython targeting the [Adafruit Matrix Portal](https://www.adafruit.com/product/4745) and is optimized for 64x32 RGB LED matrices.

![Board Showing Train Arriving](img/board.gif)

# How To
## Hardware
- An [Adafruit Matrix Portal](https://www.adafruit.com/product/4745) - $24.99
- A **64x32 RGB LED matrix** compatible with the _Matrix Portal_ - $39.99 _to_ $84.99
    - [64x32 RGB LED Matrix - 3mm pitch](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2279)
    - [64x32 RGB LED Matrix - 4mm pitch](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2278)
    - [64x32 RGB LED Matrix - 5mm pitch](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2277)
    - [64x32 RGB LED Matrix - 6mm pitch](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2276)
- A **USB-C power supply** (15w phone adapters should work fine for this code, but the panels can theoretically pull 20w if every pixel is on white)
- A **USB-C cable** that can connect your computer/power supply to the board

## Tools
- A small phillips head screwdriver
- Black Wire Ties - 4"
- A hot glue gun _(optional)_
- Tape _(optional)_

## Part 1: Prepare the Board
1. Use a hot glue gun to cover the sharp screws on the right-hand side of the 64x32 LED matrix. This step is optional, but it will prevent wire chafing later on. Depending on the board you purchased, sharp screws may not be an issue.

    ![64x32 Matrix with Hot Glue on Screws](img/base-board.jpg)

2. Lightly screw in the phillips head screws into the posts on the _Matrix Portal_. These only need to go down about 60% of the way.

    ![Matrix Portal with Screws](img/wiring.jpg)

3. Using the power cable provided with 64x32 matrix, slide the prong for the **red power cable** between the post and the screw on the port labeled **5v**. Tighten down this screw all the way using your screwdriver. Repeat the same for the **black power cable** and the **GND** port.

    ![Matrix Portal with Separate Cables](img/cables.jpg)
    ![Matrix Portal with Connected Cables](img/portal-setup.jpg)

4. Connect the _Matrix Portal_ to the large connector on the left-hand side of the back of the 64x32 matrix.

    ![64x32 Matrix with Connector Highlighted](img/port.jpg)

5. Plug one of the power connectors into the right-hand side of the 64x32 matrix.

    ![64x32 Matrix with Power Connected](img/connected-board.jpg)

6. Use the wire ties to prevent the cables from flopping around. You could optionally use tape instead.

    ![64x32 Matrix with Wire Ties](img/backside-of-matrix-board.jpg)

    ![64x32 Matrix with Cable Management](img/cable-management.jpg)

## Part 2: Loading the Software
1. Connect the board to your computer using a USB C cable. Double click the button on the board labeled _RESET_. The board should mount onto your computer as a storage volume, most likely named _MATRIXBOOT_.

    ![Matrix Connected via USB](img/usb-connected.jpg)

2. Flash your _Matrix Portal_ with the latest release of CircuitPython 7.
    - Download the [firmware from Adafruit](https://circuitpython.org/board/matrixportal_m4/).
    - Drag the downloaded _.uf2_ file into the root of the _MATRIXBOOT_ volume.
    - The board will automatically flash the version of CircuitPython and remount as _CIRCUITPY_.
    - If something goes wrong, refer to the [Adafruit Documentation](https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruit-matrixportal-m4/install-circuitpython).

3. Decompress the _lib.zip_ file from this repository into the root of the _CIRCUITPY_ volume. There should be one folder named _lib_, with a plethora of files underneath. You can delete _lib.zip_ from the _CIRCUITPY_ volume, as it's no longer needed.

    - It has been reported that this step may fail ([Issue #2](https://github.com/metro-sign/dc-metro/issues/2)), most likely due to the storage on the Matrix Portal not being able to handle the decompression. If this happens, unzip the _lib.zip_ file on your computer, and copy the _lib_ folder to the Matrix Portal. Command line tools could also be used if the above doesn't work.

    ![Lib Decompressed](img/lib.png)

4. Copy all of the Python files from _src_ in this repository into the root of the _CIRCUITPY_ volume.

    ![Source Files](img/source.png)

5. The board should now light up with a loading screen, but we've still got some work to do.

    ![Loading Sign](img/loading.jpg)

## Part 3: Getting a WMATA API Key
1. Create a WMATA developer account on [WMATA's Developer Website](https://developer.wmata.com/signup/).
2. After your account is created, add the _Default Tier_ subscription to your account on [this page](https://developer.wmata.com/products/5475f1b0031f590f380924fe).
3. After doing this, you will be redirected to [your profile](https://developer.wmata.com/developer).
4. Under the _Subscriptions_ section on your profile, select the **show** button beside the _Primary Key_. This is the key that allows the board to communicate with WMATA.

## Part 4: Configuring the Board
1. Open the [config.py](src/config.py) file located in the root of the _CIRCUITPY_ volume.
2. Fill in your WiFi SSID and password under the **Network Configuration** section.
3. Under the **Metro Configuration** section:
    1. Select your station and lines from the [Metro Station Codes table](#dc-metro-station-codes), and set the _metro_station_code_ value to the corresponding value in the table.
    2. For _train_group_, the value needs to be either **'1'** or **'2'** or  **'3'**. This determines which platform's arrival times will be displayed. These typically fall in line with the values provided in the [Train Group table](#train-group-explanations), although single tracking and other events can cause these to change.
    3. Set the _metro_api_key_ value to the API key you got from [Part 3](#part-3-getting-a-wmata-api-key).
4. At the end, the first part of your configuration file should look similar this:

```python
#########################
# Network Configuration #
#########################

# WIFI Network SSID
'wifi_ssid': 'Grindr Pickup Zone',

# WIFI Password
'wifi_password': 'MyMetroBoardBringsTheBoisToTheNavyYard',

#########################
# Metro Configuration   #
#########################

# Metro Station Code
'metro_station_code': 'D02',

# Metro Train Group
'train_group': '2',

# API Key for WMATA
'metro_api_key': 'd3adb33fd3adb33fd3adb33f',
```

5. After you save this file, your board should refresh and connect to WMATA.

## Troubleshooting
If something goes wrong, take a peek at the [Adafruit Documentation](https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruit-matrixportal-m4). Additionally, you can connect to the board using a serial connection to gain access to its logging.

# Debugging
## Download
To view print statements from your code, download a program that can connect to the matrix portal over serial.
For Windows, Putty is the simplest option. Other programs like putty could be used instead, of course.
For both Mac and generic Linux, search for the best Putty-like program that can connect to a serial port.

## Connect
To connect to the matrix portal, simplify identify the COM port it occupies on your PC (in the case below, it's COM6), and
set the baud rate to 9600.

![Putty Connection](img/putty-matrix-portal.jpg)

Once you connect to the matrix portal, you can start viewing output from the code.

![Putty Print Statements](img/putty-matrix-portal-output.jpg)

## Errors
You can also view errors and their full traceback to its location in your code.

![Putty Errors](img/putty-matrix-portal-error.jpg)

# Appendix
## DC Metro Station Codes
| Name                                             | Lines      | Code |
|--------------------------------------------------|------------|------|
| Addison Road-Seat Pleasant                       | BL, SV     | G03  |
| Anacostia                                        | GR         | F06  |
| Archives-Navy Memorial-Penn Quarter              | GR, YL     | F02  |
| Arlington Cemetery                               | BL         | C06  |
| Ballston-MU                                      | OR, SV     | K04  |
| Benning Road                                     | BL, SV     | G01  |
| Bethesda                                         | RD         | A09  |
| Braddock Road                                    | BL, YL     | C12  |
| Branch Ave                                       | GR         | F11  |
| Brookland-CUA                                    | RD         | B05  |
| Capitol Heights                                  | BL, SV     | G02  |
| Capitol South                                    | BL, OR, SV | D05  |
| Cheverly                                         | OR         | D11  |
| Clarendon                                        | OR, SV     | K02  |
| Cleveland Park                                   | RD         | A05  |
| College Park-U of Md                             | GR         | E09  |
| Columbia Heights                                 | GR, YL     | E04  |
| Congress Heights                                 | GR         | F07  |
| Court House                                      | OR, SV     | K01  |
| Crystal City                                     | BL, YL     | C09  |
| Deanwood                                         | OR         | D10  |
| Dunn Loring-Merrifield                           | OR         | K07  |
| Dupont Circle                                    | RD         | A03  |
| East Falls Church                                | OR, SV     | K05  |
| Eastern Market                                   | BL, OR, SV | D06  |
| Eisenhower Avenue                                | YL         | C14  |
| Farragut North                                   | RD         | A02  |
| Farragut West                                    | BL, OR, SV | C03  |
| Federal Center SW                                | BL, OR, SV | D04  |
| Federal Triangle                                 | BL, OR, SV | D01  |
| Foggy Bottom-GWU                                 | BL, OR, SV | C04  |
| Forest Glen                                      | RD         | B09  |
| Fort Totten                                      | RD         | B06  |
| Fort Totten                                      | GR, YL     | E06  |
| Franconia-Springfield                            | BL         | J03  |
| Friendship Heights                               | RD         | A08  |
| Gallery Pl-Chinatown                             | RD         | B01  |
| Gallery Pl-Chinatown                             | GR, YL     | F01  |
| Georgia Ave-Petworth                             | GR, YL     | E05  |
| Glenmont                                         | RD         | B11  |
| Greenbelt                                        | GR         | E10  |
| Greensboro                                       | SV         | N03  |
| Grosvenor-Strathmore                             | RD         | A11  |
| Huntington                                       | YL         | C15  |
| Judiciary Square                                 | RD         | B02  |
| King St-Old Town                                 | BL, YL     | C13  |
| L'Enfant Plaza                                   | BL, OR, SV | D03  |
| L'Enfant Plaza                                   | GR, YL     | F03  |
| Landover                                         | OR         | D12  |
| Largo Town Center                                | BL, SV     | G05  |
| McLean                                           | SV         | N01  |
| McPherson Square                                 | BL, OR, SV | C02  |
| Medical Center                                   | RD         | A10  |
| Metro Center                                     | RD         | A01  |
| Metro Center                                     | BL, OR, SV | C01  |
| Minnesota Ave                                    | OR         | D09  |
| Morgan Boulevard                                 | BL, SV     | G04  |
| Mt Vernon Sq 7th St-Convention Center            | GR, YL     | E01  |
| Navy Yard-Ballpark                               | GR         | F05  |
| Naylor Road                                      | GR         | F09  |
| New Carrollton                                   | OR         | D13  |
| NoMa-Gallaudet U                                 | RD         | B35  |
| Pentagon                                         | BL, YL     | C07  |
| Pentagon City                                    | BL, YL     | C08  |
| Potomac Ave                                      | BL, OR, SV | D07  |
| Prince George's Plaza                            | GR         | E08  |
| Rhode Island Ave-Brentwood                       | RD         | B04  |
| Rockville                                        | RD         | A14  |
| Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport        | BL, YL     | C10  |
| Rosslyn                                          | BL, OR, SV | C05  |
| Shady Grove                                      | RD         | A15  |
| Shaw-Howard U                                    | GR, YL     | E02  |
| Silver Spring                                    | RD         | B08  |
| Smithsonian                                      | BL, OR, SV | D02  |
| Southern Avenue                                  | GR         | F08  |
| Spring Hill                                      | SV         | N04  |
| Stadium-Armory                                   | BL, OR, SV | D08  |
| Suitland                                         | GR         | F10  |
| Takoma                                           | RD         | B07  |
| Tenleytown-AU                                    | RD         | A07  |
| Twinbrook                                        | RD         | A13  |
| Tysons Corner                                    | SV         | N02  |
| U Street/African-Amer Civil War Memorial/Cardozo | GR, YL     | E03  |
| Union Station                                    | RD         | B03  |
| Van Dorn Street                                  | BL         | J02  |
| Van Ness-UDC                                     | RD         | A06  |
| Vienna/Fairfax-GMU                               | OR         | K08  |
| Virginia Square-GMU                              | OR, SV     | K03  |
| Waterfront                                       | GR         | F04  |
| West Falls Church-VT/UVA                         | OR         | K06  |
| West Hyattsville                                 | GR         | E07  |
| Wheaton                                          | RD         | B10  |
| White Flint                                      | RD         | A12  |
| Wiehle-Reston East                               | SV         | N06  |
| Woodley Park-Zoo/Adams Morgan                    | RD         | A04  |

## DC Metro Silver Line Phase II Stations
A special thanks to [u/SandBoxJohn](https://www.reddit.com/user/SandBoxJohn) for these.
| Name                                             | Lines      | Code |
|--------------------------------------------------|------------|------|
| Reston Town Center                               | SV         | N07  |
| Herndon                                          | SV         | N08  |
| Innovation Center                                | SV         | N09  |
| Dulles Airport                                   | SV         | N10  |
| Loudoun Gateway                                  | SV         | N11  |
| Ashburn                                          | SV         | N12  |

## Train Group Explanations
A special thanks to [u/SandBoxJohn](https://www.reddit.com/user/SandBoxJohn) for these.
| Line       | Train Group | Destination                                            |
|------------|-------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| RD         | "1"         | Glenmont                                               |
| RD         | "2"         | Shady Grove                                            |
| BL, OR, SV | "1"         | New Carrollton, Largo Town Center                      |
| BL, OR, SV | "2"         | Vienna, Franconia-Springfield, Wiehle-Reston East      |
| GR, YL     | "1"         | Greenbelt                                              |
| GR, YL     | "2"         | Huntington, Branch Avenue                              |
| N/A        | "3"         | Center Platform at National Airport, West Falls Church |
